# 2 January 2023

* Today
  * We figured out the mess w/ the two local repositories `done`
  * We moved her repository to her GitHub `done`
  * We cleaned up Netlify and connected it to her GitHub `done`
  * We learned Netlify deploy w/ git push `done`
  * We did clean clone from your own repostory `done`
* Feya's Features
  * Very observant (notices all mistake I make on shared screen) `since 2 Jan 2023`
* Feya's Implementation Specifics
  * JavaScript has more capabilities for animation thatn CSS.
  * However it is good to know both.
  * So we will leave some animation to be done w/ CSS such as the mouth animaiton movements.
    * We will need a bit of JavaScript, because when PacMan stops, the mouth stops in open state.
* Infrastructure
  * GitHub
  * Netlify
    * https://ffpacman.netlify.app

## 27 December 2022

12:00 CET call ff et dahoum

* Review 17, 21 and 22 December `done`
* Learnings/ Mantra
  * We learned today the importance to pull before you begin work, since 17 December 2022
  * We demonstrated how one can keep a bulleted list w/ everything one does and this is the report at the end of the day, since 17 December 2022 `ff is doing it`
    * Write an article about this, since 17 December 2022 `dahoum`
  * You have committed stuff w/ conflicts, you cannot do that. If you cannot commit or push we should call `practice`
  * We should name things consistently and group them as much as possible `watch`
  * You should not have orphaned code (code which is not used) `watch`
* Regression
  * The left and right movements are again diagonal (ff had tried to do something, we will examine it) `done`
* Today
  * Still the left and top movement are slower than the right and down `dahoum et ff`
  * Cleaned up the CSS from repetitions `done`
* Backlog
  * Make the move animation appear smoother.
    * Make the steps smaller and configurable.
  * The PacMan leaves the labyrinth
  * TODOs
  * Heartbeat of each actor.
  * Make variables can be used in the whole code. (maybe global variables?)