# 2 January 2023

11:45 CET ff et gk et dahoum

* Today
  * We figured out the mess w/ the two local repositories `done`
  * We moved her repository to her GitHub `done`
  * We cleaned up Netlify and connected it to her GitHub `done`
  * We learned Netlify deploy w/ git push `done`
  * We did clean clone from your own repostory `done`
  * Still the left and top movement are slower than the right and down `dahoum et ff`
    * We tried 5, 10 and 20; 5 behaves very weirdly `homework`
* Backlog
  * Make the move animation appear smoother.
    * Make the steps smaller and configurable.
  * The PacMan leaves the labyrinth
  * TODOs
  * Heartbeat of each actor.
  * Make variables can be used in the whole code. (maybe global variables?)
* Learnings/ Mantra
  * We learned today the importance to pull before you begin work, since 17 December 2022
  * We demonstrated how one can keep a bulleted list w/ everything one does and this is the report at the end of the day, since 17 December 2022 `ff is doing it`
    * Write an article about this, since 17 December 2022 `dahoum`
  * You have committed/pushed stuff w/ conflicts, you cannot do that. If you cannot commit or push we should call `practice`, since 27 December 2022
  * We should name things consistently and group them as much as possible `watch`, since 27 December 2022
  * You should not have orphaned code (code which is not used) `watch`, since 27 December 2022
  * Keep only this open what you need at the moment and make sure you have the right things open (eg. Netlify or local project in the browser), since 2 January 2023
* Feya's Features
  * Very observant (notices all mistake I make on shared screen and when I forget to do something)
  * Knows her code (what is where)
  * Very good in Mathematics
* Feya's Implementation Specifics
  * JavaScript has more capabilities for animation thatn CSS.
  * However it is good to know both.
  * So we will leave some animation to be done w/ CSS such as the mouth animaiton movements.
    * We will need a bit of JavaScript, because when PacMan stops, the mouth stops in open state.
* Infrastructure
  * GitHub
  * Netlify
    * https://ffpacman.netlify.app